this is a nice climb here the gradient
is just not so steep that it's sent into
lactate too early but just just nice
really nice road surface as well and the
Sun shines great we just finished in the
first section of the climb here it's
it's quite a twisty ascent up through
the trees but on a hot summer's day
you'll really appreciate some shade up
here so this is the first restoral as
they call it in Italian which is the
first food stop
so I recommend taking on food energy
drink and water at this stop because the
more you do early on in the race the
more you'll benefit later on you don't
want to be starting to load up with fuel
right at the end of the race
before you know it we're going back up
hill again like UK downhill a nice
smooth descent but then soon enough back
up hill and my legs are hurting already
it's quite a narrow climb to start off
with the surface is very rough so just
be aware of that
don't use your tires that are probably
the sort of lightest tyres that you've
got because there is a gravel section
right at the top as well about 1
kilometers long it's probably actually
smoother than the majority of the climb
which is quite ironic we're going to
swing a left here and tackle the final
climb of the race which here in a nice
little gear because it kicks straight up
from here it's a pretty similar gradient
to this all the way to the top so you
just got to settle in to it's good a
rhythm as you can and just keep those
pedals turning well luckily here it's
flattened out about giving you a bit of
a chance for recovery but don't get too
optimistic it still kicks up again well
if you've made this fire to the
Pinarello shop then hopefully you've
completed the Gran Fondo Pinarello
you